Start with a splash page with login and regsiter buttons for a site called "traffic" that helps engineers learn how to handle scaling issue in a simulator. Give me a test user username "andrewarrow" password "testing". Once logged in have a logout button.

Make the logged in root page a very complicated UI throwing the user right into the deep end
of running a major site like reddit (call it something generic like forums) with eventually getting 
to millions of users.
There should be some core graphs.
Data should constantly be flowing in and changing. 

add to the top nav 
a slider that has number of users as it's data. 
On the left side of the slider should be 1 user and on the right 100 million.
The slider should start all the way to the left side. The user cannot move the slider. 
A thread starts and the number of users slowly increases from 1 to 100 million at
a very slow pace at the start and then hockey sticks.

The dashboard should show just a single ec2 instance with sqlite as the database.
Let them see the cpu and memory of the ec2 box increasing as the number of users increases.

The single ec2 box should cpu should start to grow and eventually get to 99% red.
As we get closer and closer to 99% colors should change and the user should be subtlely 
alerted but no modals. The idea is the user needs to look at the UI carefully and start
to notice little details about what's getting hot. You can give other details like number of
subforums made, total number of posts, incoming traffic sources.

There should be some buttons like
"refactor off sqlite" and the user can choose postgres or mysql or dynamodb or many other choices.
There should also be a button for "add ec2 instance" which will require a load balancer.
There should be a button for "move to k8s" or other container systems. If the user doesn't
make any choices eventually the whole site should turn RED with a big DOWN message.

Change the User Growth Rate to have a mini hockey tick after just a few seconds of the
simulation starting. It should be enough traffic that makes the user realize they will
need to take action soon. After they change the database, add a 2nd box etc. the traffic
can slow down.

As the first traffic spike starts we should see the slider at the top increase.
All the Site Metrics need to change as well. Also change Active Connections 0 New Posts/Minute 0 Response Time 50 ms Error Rate < 1%.
Under Compute Resources when the user adds the 2nd ec2 box show that a load balancer is now
one of the resources in use.

Move "Traffic Spike Detected!" to the top.
Simulation time: 0 days needs to change to a timer with number of seconds.
The top slider with 1 user to 100 million need to show a little sliver of growth 
and the 1 at the right side needs to change to the current number of users which
is growing very fast during the spike.
The User Growth Rate chart isn't right. The far right will be 100 million
but this first spike is only about 20k and not all at once. Give the user time
to notice they are approaching 20k users and need to upgrade things.

I need to see a lot more of the 20k users showing up. I let the 
simulation run for a full 60 seconds and there was still just 1 user reported.

Still nothing. Give up on your growth factor math and just hard code some
times and number of user increases. After 3 seconds, 10 users, after 6 seconds, 100 users, etc.


